The President:
Hello, everybody.
As 2011 comes to an end
and we look ahead to 2012,
I want to wish everyone a
happy and healthy New Year.
The last year has been a time
of great challenge and great
progress for our country.
We ended one war and began
to wind down another.
We dealt a crippling blow
to al Qaeda and made America
more secure.
We stood by our friends and
allies around the world through
natural disasters
and revolutions.
And we began to see signs of
economic recovery here at home,
even as too many Americans are
still struggling to get ahead.
There's no doubt that 2012
will bring even more change.
And as we head
into the New Year,
I'm hopeful that we have what
it takes to face that change and
come out even stronger
-- to grow our economy,
create more jobs, and
strengthen the middle class.
I'm hopeful because of what
we saw right before Christmas,
when Members of Congress came
together to prevent a tax hike
for 160 million Americans --
saving a typical family about
$40 in every paycheck.
They also made sure Americans
looking for work won't see their
unemployment insurance cut off.
And I expect Congress to finish
the job by extending these
provisions through
the end of 2012.
It was good to see members of
Congress do the right thing for
millions of working Americans.
But it was only possible because
you added your voices to
the debate.
Through email and Twitter
and over the phone,
you let your representatives
know what was at stake.
Your lives.
Your families.
Your well-being.
You had the courage to believe
that your voices could make
a difference.
And at the end of the day,
they made all the difference.
So more than anything else, you
are the ones who make me hopeful
about 2012.
Because we've got some
difficult debates and some tough
fights to come.
As I've said before, we are at
a make-or-break moment for the
middle class.
And in many ways, the actions
we take in the months ahead will
help determine what kind
of country we want to be,
and what kind of world we want
our children and grandchildren
to grow up in.
As President, I promise to do
everything I can to make America
a place where hard work and
responsibility are rewarded --
one where everyone has a
fair shot and everyone does
their fair share.
That's the America I believe in.
That's the America
we've always known.
And I'm confident that
if we work together,
and if you keep reminding folks
in Washington what's at stake,
then we will move this country
forward and guarantee every
American the opportunities
they deserve.
Thanks for watching,
and from Michelle, Malia,
Sasha and Bo, as well as
myself, Happy New Year.